#Multi-view Stereo#

The project is Plane-sweeping Multiview stereo

The code contains two folder data and src.

The folder data contains images for calibration and multiview stereo processing.

In the data folder, image_sequence.yml is used for defining the three images.

In the data/calibration folder, calib_chessboard.yml is used for defining chessboard information, calib_image.yml is used for defining the calibration images, calib_param.yml is generated by the program to store the instrinsic parameters.

The folder src contains the source code files for the project.

Usage:

To compile the project, simply make in the project folder.

LIB USED: OpenCV 3.1 is required for this program and opencv_contrib is REQUIRED to use the surf feature in the source code.

The program is running automaticly to process the images except for some keyboard hit for continuing.

The intrinsic param file is provided and the calibration process is disabled in the source code.

The main window used for this project is img1, img2, img3. The terminal will print out useful information and guide.

1. The program will show the three images together with the feature points detected by surf. The image is shown in order in img1,img2,img3.

Press any key to continue.

2. The program will show each feature point pair found by knnMatch. Image pair order is reserved in img1, img2, img3.

Press any key to continue.

3. img1, img2 will show correspond epipolar line in each image pair. You need to press key to change to the next image pair.

Press any key to continue;

4. img2 will show original points and reprojected points from the second image in each image pair. You need to press key to change to the next image pair.

Press any key to continue.

5. The program will start compute depth map for the images and the window will turn dark. It will take a long time although depth unit larger than 15 is not calculated. img1, img2, img3 will show depth map from image 1-2, image 1-3, image 1-2-3 respectively.

Press 'q' to quit the program when you see the depth map

Warning:

The program do not have much boundary or valid check such as do not have the file listed in listfile, change the order of list file.
